hey everybody this is jon from joy calm
and i just downloaded the froyo update
for HTC evo 4g from HTC com actually
used the link that Dustin has in his
post about the froyo update being
available for download this if I
understand correctly will take away my
root access there is a cooked rom out
there from this official update for
rooted phones however I don't mind
having my route taken away because I
figure there's a good chance that some
of you out there will want to see me
root the phone after froyo so it'll be
interesting to see what the cookers do
after this and simple root and unroot
will probably have something out soon so
I'm going to go ahead and take the risk
so I've downloaded the file onto my SD
card as explained in Dustin's post now I
just want to boot into recovery mode and
flash the that image most of you will
just turn off your phone hold down the
power button I mean I'm sorry the volume
down button and hit power to get into
recovery what I'm going to do is use a
root app do I have it installed on here
I should yeah root booter I'm going to
go into a recovery root you can see that
my battery is charged over fifty percent
of the way you always want to have a
full battery when you do this or at
least not a low one and you'll probably
have a different cover image here still
is it from SD card but it's the same
idea so here we have OT a supersonic 3.2
6.65 1.3 1.4 7.1 where I'm sorry 65 1.1
underscore release
you
and after i guess i don't know maybe 10
minutes 15 minutes it says install from
sdcard complete reboot via menu to
complete installation so again your
recovery image is going to be different
than mine most likely go back reboot
system now
and here we go
hmm
checking for a firmware update
automatically no more available
congratulations your phone has been
updated successfully to version 3.2 6.65
1.3 okay
android version 2.2 let's see just take
a look at some of the stuff we know is
new right off the bat there should be
some new widgets it's a calculator
widget new calendar widget FM radio
widget which I probably have to plug
this in for new interface before was
that amber amber looking tone and let's
take a look at you know one of the
things I know a lot of us are itching to
see and that is some benchmarks with the
new just-in-time compiler for you has a
lot of optimizations under the hood so
we should see some dramatic improvement
in performance here over the evo running
2.1
there's also 10.1 flash on this number
of changes relating to facebook facebook
comments in your photo gallery you can
see all of the features in our posts a
droid dog Dustin just announced the
availability of this download i did a
the announcement of the upcoming OTA
okay so there we go just under the nexus
one running 2.2 which puts it second on
the list we're in linpack i'll do it
twice we got 27 and now 40 30 to 36 so
King just under 40 there and neo core
Oh
hey
26 actually I was expecting a lot better
but you know like for example the galaxy
s phone that GPU goes a long way